The first milestone was to build the world where all of the action was supposed to happen. We wanted to build a street where the character could run around, climb, sneak around and jump on different objects. The world was built using purely the ProBuilder tool, where we shaped the buildings, to have windows and different shapes to diversify the environment. To each of the building a brick material was used that was imported from the Unity Asset Store (sourced in Readme file). Each material was consist of a normal, height and base map to create a realistic visuals of a brick building. 
In order to create the proper atmosphere of “mysterious and sneak” gameplay, we wanted to create an illusion of a late evening/night time. We set the default skybox to the darkest one and set the light rendering to apply the lighting accordingly. Since it was too dark to see anything, we built standing and hanging lamps to lighten up the world and added even more lights (so many lights) in the building’s windows.  On top of that there is a bit of fog added in the environment.  Some of the lamps have a script responsible for blinking couple of times in a random intervals as if they were broken. Overall, This created a really nice atmosphere in the game of mystery and a bit of thrills. 
In order to let character have something to interact with the world, many streets elements were also added, like trashcans, planks, and boxes that will allow the character to reach higher levels upon jumping on them or crouch under. Some buildings have “window sills” that are jumpable for a character so it can reach the top of the buildings. Another element is buildings having a gap between them as indented for squeezing through it.  
An element we added also was a car that was supposed to randomly spawn on one side of the map and drive on the street towards the other side where upon collision it would disappear. We however gave up on the car when we agreed on adding an enemy and it was too late to figure out on how the enemy will interact with the car upon collision so now there is a car standing at the end of the map for presentation. 
Coins were spread around the map as collectibles that the character collects as it collides with. Coins have a spinning animation and a spot light attached to them in order to attract the user’s attention and make them stand out in the darkness. The collected coins are shown in a coin collector on the right top corner of the screen as a part of UI.  
 
 
