The final version of the project contains the scene of the game itself, where the main character runs through Edinburgh city, collects the coins and avoids the enemies in order to win the game. When entering the game, the Intro Scene opens, where there is a story of the main character and also the title of the game, to offer the user an overview of what the game is about and to introduce it to the game’s story. The description is made so that the text gradually appears on the screen, given the impression that it is typed from a typewriter, having also a corresponding typing sound added in the meantime. After all the text is present on the screen, the typing sound stops.  

As for creating a mystic atmosphere, but also to introduce the user into the story better, Celtic music was added in the background. There was also a sound effect added when collecting a coin and also one for the enemy when the main character enters the chase range area and the enemy starts walking towards the main character. 

When the main character collects 10 coins, the player wins, and the Winning Scene is displayed. This scene contains a descriptive title and also a button for ‘Go to main menu’, which brings user to the Intro Scene. As for the loosing part, the game is over when the enemy punches so many times that the main character’s health decreases to 0%. The Game Over scene consists again of a descriptive title and a button for ‘Go to main menu’ which redirects the user to the Intro Scene  

As until now most of the inputs were tested on the keyboard, this was a final milestone of changing everything to work on a controller/ arcade machine. In order to be able to close the game and navigate between the scenes, a right trigger on controller (black button on arcade machine) was mapped as an “exit” button and the left trigger (white button on arcade machine) was used to start the game.  The navigation between the scenes is made as an object called “GameManager” that has an integrated script that controls how the scenes should appear. 

The conclusion of the project is a playable game.  Even though it has some bugs, the game can be lost or won. The game is immersive and fun to play and close to our initial expectations of this project. 
